Updating `upload.yml` to run Julia tests (#340)
XanaduAI/MrMustard: README.md

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/XanaduAI/MrMustard/workflows/Tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/MrMustard/actions)
[![Python version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/mrmustard.svg?style=popout-square)](https://pypi.org/project/MrMustard/)

> Mr Mustard is a differentiable simulator with a sophisticated built-in optimizer, that operates seamlessly across phase space and Fock space. It is built on top of an agnostic autodiff interface, to allow for plug-and-play backends (``numpy`` by default).

Reviewer: This will work but for markdown files single quotes are enough to mark inline code-blocks [[ref](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#code)]
```suggestion
Mr Mustard is a differentiable simulator with a sophisticated built-in optimizer, that operates seamlessly across phase space and Fock space. It is built on top of an agnostic autodiff interface, to allow for plug-and-play backends (`numpy` by default).
```

Mr Mustard supports:
- Phase space representation of Gaussian states and Gaussian channels on an arbitrary number of modes
- Exact Fock representation of any Gaussian circuit and any Gaussian state up to an arbitrary cutoff
- Riemannian optimization on the symplectic group (for Gaussian transformations) and on the unitary group (for interferometers)
- Adam optimizer for euclidean parameters
- Single-mode gates (parallelizable):
    - squeezing, displacement, phase rotation, attenuator, amplifier, additive noise, phase noise
- Two-mode gates:
    - beam splitter, Mach-Zehnder interferometer, two-mode squeezing, CX, CZ, CPHASE
- N-mode gates (with dedicated Riemannian optimization):
    - Interferometer (unitary), RealInterferometer (orthogonal), Gaussian transformation (symplectic)

> - Dingle-mode states (parallelizable):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Single-mode states (parallelizable):
```

    - Vacuum, Coherent, SqueezedVacuum, Thermal, Fock
- Two-mode states:
    - TMSV (two-mode squeezed vacuum)
- N-mode states:
    - Gaussian
- Photon number moments and entropic measures
- PNR detectors and Threshold detectors with trainable quantum efficiency and dark counts
- Homodyne, Heterodyne and Generaldyne measurements
- Composable circuits

> - Plug-and-play backends (``numpy`` as default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Plug-and-play backends (`numpy` as default)
```

# The math module
The math module is the backbone of Mr Mustard. Mr Mustard comes with a plug-and-play backends through a math interface. You can use it as a drop-in replacement for tensorflow or numpy and your code will be plug-and-play too!

> Here's an example where the ``numpy`` backend is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example where the `numpy` backend is used.
```

```python
import mrmustard.math as math

math.cos(0.1)  # numpy
```

In a different session, we can change the backend to ``tensorflow``.
```python
import mrmustard.math as math
math.change_backend("tensorflow")

math.cos(0.1)  # tensorflow
```

### Optimization

> The `Optimizer` available in `mrmustard.training` uses Adam underneath the hood for Euclidean parameters and a custom symplectic optimizer for Gaussian gates and states and a unitary/orthogonal optimizer for interferometers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mrmustard.training.Optimizer` uses Adam underneath the hood for the optimization of Euclidean parameters, a custom symplectic optimizer for Gaussian gates and states and a unitary/orthogonal optimizer for interferometers.
```
